README.md, before:

# Commerce Stock 8.x installation profile

Enables the Commerce Stock modules.
Based on Commerce's profile.

Use this for Commerce Stock development.

## Start developing on Commerce Stock

You need to clone the commerce_stock repository onGithub via the project page.
Visit https://github.com/BBGuy/commerce_stock/ and click the 'Fork' button.

Next you need to clone your fork so you can start developing.

### Clone the fork:

First remove the commerce_stock folder.
```
cd web/modules/contrib
rm -rf commerce_stock
```
Then clone your fork:
```
git clone git@github.com:your_github_username/commerce_stock.git
```

Now your set to start creating pull requests.

## Create a pull request

For new issues, create a new issue in the commerce_stock issue queue at:
https://www.drupal.org/node/add/project-issue/commerce_stock

Then continue and check out a new branch for your pr.
```
git checkout -b 8.x-1.x-issue-id
```

Now made the changes you want to commit.

Then:
```
git add .
git commit -m "your fix / issue id"
git push
```

Then visit https://github.com/your_github_username/commerce_stock and click on
the new pull request button you should now see.

Once you have created your pr, visit the issue queue and post a comment with the
link to your pull request, so others can review.
https://www.drupal.org/project/issues/search/commerce_stock?version%5B%5D=8.x

## Review an existing pull request:

For this you need to add the remote for the repository at 
https://github.com/BBGuy/commerce_stock

Change into the commerce_stock folder.
```
cd web/modules/contrib/commerce_stock
```

Remove current remote origin.
```
git remote remove origin
```

Add new remote origin.
```
git remote add origin git@github.com:BBGuy/commerce_stock.git
```

Now you can checkout the pr with:
```
git fetch origin pull/ID/head:8.x-1.x-ID
```
Replace 'ID' with the ID of the pull request.

Example:
```
git fetch origin pull/27/head:8.x-1.x-27
```

Now switch to the branch of the pr.
```
git checkout 8.x-1.x-ID
```
Replace 'ID' with the ID of the pull request.

Example:
```
git checkout 8.x-1.x-27
```

Commit message:

Add custom patch to prevent issues during install.

README.md, after:

# Commerce Stock 8.x installation profile

Enables the Commerce Stock modules.
Based on Commerce's profile.

Use this for Commerce Stock development.

!!!BEFORE YOU BEGIN!!!

This installation profile requires one custom patch, else the profile will
fail to import the view listing products per store.

The patch is available in the `patches` folder. Apply it to commerce before
attempting to install Drupal.

## Start developing on Commerce Stock

You need to clone the commerce_stock repository onGithub via the project page.
Visit https://github.com/BBGuy/commerce_stock/ and click the 'Fork' button.

Next you need to clone your fork so you can start developing.

### Clone the fork:

First remove the commerce_stock folder.
```
cd web/modules/contrib
rm -rf commerce_stock
```
Then clone your fork:
```
git clone git@github.com:your_github_username/commerce_stock.git
```

Now your set to start creating pull requests.

## Create a pull request

For new issues, create a new issue in the commerce_stock issue queue at:
https://www.drupal.org/node/add/project-issue/commerce_stock

Then continue and check out a new branch for your pr.
```
git checkout -b 8.x-1.x-issue-id
```

Now made the changes you want to commit.

Then:
```
git add .
git commit -m "your fix / issue id"
git push
```

Then visit https://github.com/your_github_username/commerce_stock and click on
the new pull request button you should now see.

Once you have created your pr, visit the issue queue and post a comment with the
link to your pull request, so others can review.
https://www.drupal.org/project/issues/search/commerce_stock?version%5B%5D=8.x

## Review an existing pull request:

For this you need to add the remote for the repository at 
https://github.com/BBGuy/commerce_stock

Change into the commerce_stock folder.
```
cd web/modules/contrib/commerce_stock
```

Remove current remote origin.
```
git remote remove origin
```

Add new remote origin.
```
git remote add origin git@github.com:BBGuy/commerce_stock.git
```

Now you can checkout the pr with:
```
git fetch origin pull/ID/head:8.x-1.x-ID
```
Replace 'ID' with the ID of the pull request.

Example:
```
git fetch origin pull/27/head:8.x-1.x-27
```

Now switch to the branch of the pr.
```
git checkout 8.x-1.x-ID
```
Replace 'ID' with the ID of the pull request.

Example:
```
git checkout 8.x-1.x-27
```
